DEVX-1645:  Naming stateful operations (#314)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/naming-changelog-repartition-topics/kstreams/markup/dev/add-filter-to-topology.adoc

> As you may have guessed, adding or subtracting a processor in your topology will change the name of all processors downstram of your change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you may have guessed, adding or subtracting a processor in your topology will change the name of all processors downstream of your change.
```

With that in mind, let's add a `filter()` processor to the `inputStream`:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="java">
  KStream&lt;Long, Example&gt; inputStream = builder.stream(inputTopic, Consumed.with(longSerde, exampleSerde))
                                                  .selectKey((k, v) -> Long.parseLong(v.getName().substring(0, 1)))
                                                  .filter((k, v) -> k != 1L);
</code></pre>
+++++

> To make things a little easier for you, the code for the tutorial is configured to use feature flags. You'll use the feature flags by passing different parameters in the command to start the Kafka Streams application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make things a little easier, the code for the tutorial is configured to use feature flags. You'll use the feature flags by passing different parameters in the command to start the Kafka Streams application.
```

Since you've added the `filter()` before the aggregation, the name of the state store, changelog topic, and repartition topic will change.

In the new names, the number suffix will go from `0000000002` to `0000000003` like so:

* state store - `<application.id>-KSTREAM-AGGREGATE-STATE-STORE-0000000003`
* changelog topic - `<application.id>-KSTREAM-AGGREGATE-STATE-STORE-0000000003-changelog`
* repartition topic - `<application.id>-KSTREAM-AGGREGATE-STATE-STORE-0000000003-repartition`

> Now go back to the window running the streams application and do a `CTRL+C` then restart the app with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, in the terminal running the streams application, do a `CTRL+C`, then restart the app with the following command:
```
